Update documentation for the new S3 Server Access bucket type (#3788)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/supported-services/server-access.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. _amazon_server_access:

S3 Server Access
================

`Amazon S3 Server Access Logging <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/ServerLogs.html>`_ provides detailed records for the requests that are made to a bucket. Server access logs are useful for many applications. For example, access log information can be useful in security and access audits. It can also help you learn about your customer base and understand your Amazon S3 bill.

Amazon configuration
--------------------

> #. :ref:`Create a new <S3_bucket>` S3 bucket to store the access logs in it. (If you want to use an already created one, skip this step).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. :ref:`Create a new <S3_bucket>` S3 bucket to store the access logs in it. If you want to use an existing one, skip this step.
```

#. Go to Services > Storage > S3:

    .. thumbnail::  ../../../images/aws/aws-server-access-1.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

#. Look for the S3 bucket you want to monitor and click on its name:

    .. thumbnail::  ../../../images/aws/aws-server-access-2.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

#. Go to the *Properties* tab, scroll down until you find the *Server access logging* and click on the *Edit* button:

    .. thumbnail::  ../../../images/aws/aws-server-access-3.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

    .. thumbnail::  ../../../images/aws/aws-server-access-4.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

#. Check the *Enable* option, click on the *Browse S3* button to look for the bucket in which you want S3 Server Access logs to be stored:

    .. thumbnail::  ../../../images/aws/aws-server-access-5.png
      :align: center
      :width: 70%

    .. note::

>       It is possible to store the S3 Server Access logs in the same bucket to be monitored. It is also possible specify a custom path inside the bucket to store the logs in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It is possible to store the S3 Server Access logs in the same bucket to be monitored. It is also to possible specify a custom path inside the bucket to store the logs in it.
```
